Document SAVE options (#66)
dragonflydb/documentation: docs/command-reference/server-management/save.md

of a set of [DFS files](../../managing-dragonfly/snapshotting).

Use `SAVE RDB` to save the snapshot in form of an RDB file instead.
Please refer to the [persistence documentation][tp] for detailed information about RDB files.

## Flags

> * **`df_snapshot_format`** - Use the new DF file format (on by default).

Reviewer: Set true to save dump in Dragonfly file format (true by default)

> * **`dbfilename`** - The file name to use for the dump. To generate a dump file with a timestamp, set the macro `{timestamp}` in the filename, e.g. `dump-{timestamp}`.

Reviewer: The file name to save and load the database

The macro will be replaced with a timestamp of the local time in a lexicographically sorted format.
The default filename is `dump-{timestamp}`.

> * **`save_schedule`** - Generate snapshots periodically.

Reviewer: it is not clear from this description that this is a glob time spec

Please refer to the [persistence documentation][tp] for detailed information.

> The output filename can be configured with the `--dbfilename` flag. Any occurences of the substring `{timestamp}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--dbfilename` flag to specify the filename for the dump.
To generate dump file with timestamp in filename set {timestamp} macro in the flag value, f.e dump-{timestamp}
```

will also be replaced with a timestamp of the local time in a lexicographically sorted format. If given, the filename extension must be either `.rdb` or `.dfs` and match the dump format. If no extension is given, it will be appended
automatically.

The default filename is `dump-{timestamp}`.

> In addition to the `SAVE` command, you can generate snapshots periodically using the `--save_schedule` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `--save_schedule` flag to generate snapshots periodically .
```
